# Feature Requests

## Design and code quality
-  make error log usable: 
   -  one line message, timestamp, module, error message
   -  save in available folder
   -  allow viewing in the ui

## Workspace window
- bug: the collection drop down selection overrides the info text on the top bar
  - Find a place for the info text (perhaps collapsable panel)

## Pipelines
- Copy clip to existing pipeline -> drag to pipeline
- Create pipeline
- Switch between pipelines via side-panel tree view 

## Collection Mode (a.k.a Grid Mode)

### Clip Display
- Control the number of clips on the grid via collection paging.
  - Add navigation to previous and next screens on the sides as needed.
  - Add a count showing total items and current screen position (`x/y`).

#### Zoom mode
- Compare mode:
  - Compare two clips by opening them in side-by-side zoom and synchronizing their start.
  - The `s` key or a resync button starts them again together from zero.
- Playback control
  - Pause/Play (toggle using spacebar)
  - frame by frame (fwd/bwd arrows)

### Collections
- ctrl+s saves the collection
- Default collection: not-in-collections-yet
  - if does not exist as file, created by default when a folder is opened
  - contains all clips minus the ones already in non-default collections
- Delete collection ->removes the file
- Open in file explorer -> opens the current context folder in file explorer
- Allow renaming a collection.
- Add a startup window for the no-collection state: a centered set of buttons. Sketch it.

### Video
#### Notes
- A video file can have notes associated with it, e.g. editing ideas, contexts it may belong to etc.
- [video-name].md keeps the notes
- Notes viewing and editing: 
  - access notes by either 
    - selecting the video and "n" key
    - when mouse hovers there appears a small notes floating overlay icon at the bottom cornere of the video and clicking it.opens md file or shows them in a list inside the app
  - Notes appear as a small dialog with the list of notes
    - A note can be edited, added or deleted
    - Is there a standalone simpel md editor component to be reused?
- Design: each video has notes associated with it, this is a cross-collection association.
#### Metadata
- Examples (some is autogenerated)
  - name, length
  - shot type: longshot, closeup, static/moving camera
  - camera motion: ltr, rtl, up, dpwn, zoom, pan etc, camera speed
  - objects: person, hands, etc
- Flow: generated inside the context, when stable - perculated to a central store (cross-context)

#### Actions
Some quick manipulations on videos that generate new videos in the same collection named: [orig-name]-[action]-[serial]
- Append to reverse of the video [to generate a perfect loop]
- trim from start/end to current frame
- slow by X%

### App
- Add a keyboard map icon in the top bar. When clicked, open a small panel showing all key mappings and their descriptions.
- Add a `?` icon that opens a panel with a brief textual explanation of the main app features, one per row.## Share

- Allow sending a link to a gallery of clips.

## Other

- Add general settings panel: 
  - default audio = on/off
- Add the concept of "Context"
  - Physically a context is a folder. Conceptually it is the concept which all the collections in a specific folder are connected to. Often this is the movie from which the clips were extrected. 
  - Context management
    - Create a new context (-> creates a physical folder) 
    - Add collection to context -> copies movie files defined in the collection into the context folder
    - Add videos (from multi selection) to context -> copies the videos into the context
    - Add collection/file to a collection in another context
- Support GIF files -> postpone, more complex since app is wired for video files, especially full screen mode

## Presentation mode (aka FS Mode)
- Rename to `Present` mode.
- Acces from drop down menu with play like arrow
  - Click on arrow -> default presentation mode
  - Drop down -> other presentation modes
  - Within present mode, there is a access to a config pane for presentation settings of that mode

### General

- Toggle metadata display. Default should be off.
- Select number of slots, both through a keyboard shortcut and explicit UI.

### Modes

#### Collection View

- Select number of slots.
- Show and allow navigating back and forth through collection screens, each showing `X` videos according to the selected slot count.

#### Randomizer

- Select number of slots.
- The number of slots is fixed and clips change randomly within those slots.
- Optional: leave the last slot empty. Default should be off.

#### Cinema

- Show a single large clip in the center.
- Content is the concatenation of all clips in the order defined by the collection file.


